# CSS/SCSS Classes, Functions, and Mixins

A summary of different reusable classes available in the project.

---

## *Base / Accessibility*

### **`sr-only`**

Hide information intended only for screen readers from the rendered page. Useful for forms that don't include a label for every input, which will cause problems for screen readers.

### **`sr-skip-link`**

The skip link is only visible on focus.

---

## *Base / Animations*

### **`.fade-in`**

Half-second fade-in transition animation.

---

## *Base / Content*

### **`.content`**

Wrapper for Markdown or other long form content.

### **`.extend`**

Wrapper for `<video>` element to adjust margins for mobile.

### **`.heading-anchor`**

Used in a nested anchor header generated by `markdown-it-anchor` plugin.

### **`.signup`**

Box shadow for signup form on Markdown pages.

### **`.twitter-tweet`**

Basic embedded Tweet styles before the JS is loaded.

---

## *Base / Form*

### **`.form`**

Class with BEM classes for sign-up and web-share forms (`form__field`, `form__fields`, `form__label`, `form__input`, `form__checkbox`, `form__settings`, `form__actions`, `form__feedback`).

### **`.form--signup`**

---

## *Base / Typography*

### **`.lead`**

Used for font styling of subtitles on pages, set to `1.5rem`.

### **`.smalltitle`**

Used for font styling of title in article section, set to `0.875rem`.

### **`body-text()`**

Mixin for body text, set to `1.125rem`. and `1.375rem` on mobile // @TODO: why larger on mobile?

---

## *Functions*

### **`getZIndexValue($layerName)`**

Get numeric value for Z-index layering by name, e.g. `titlebar`, `nav`, `modal`, and `content-overlay`.

---

## *Mixins*

### **`media-query-mobile-first($name)`**

Prints a mobile first media query wrapping included content, based on the name given (e.g. `md`).

### **`media-query-desktop-first($name)`**

Prints a desktop first media query wrapping included content, based on the name given (e.g. `md`).

### **`hyphenate()`**

Control hyphenation in text blocks.

### **`coverall()`**

Absolute positioned with edges set to `0`

### **`container-narrow()`**

Container with auto margins, full width, and narrow max width. Narrow version of the `.container` class in `base/_layouts` file.

### **`stretched-link()`**

Effect used in `_featured` styles for article link
