---
title: 'Cookies Policy'
description: 'Cookies policy for the Webstack Builders corporate website.'
permalink: /cookies/
layout: page
---

# Cookies Policy

This Cookie Policy explains how Webstack Builders, Inc. uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our website webstackbuilders.com ("Website"). For questions or comments about this notice or about our use of cookies, please email us at [support@webstackbuilders.com](mailto:support@webstackbuilders.com).

Cookies are small data files containing small amounts of information that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. We use cookies for the proper functioning of this website and to remember your preferences such as language settings and color themes. Cookies generally make the website easier for you to use. Cookies are generally "first party cookies" i.e. cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Webstack Builders) or "third party cookies" which are set by parties other than the website owner. Third party cookies are used to enable third party features or functionality on the website like embedded Tweets.

The specific types of first and third party cookies used on our Website and the purpose they perform are described below:

_Strictly necessary cookies:_ These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features and functionalities.

_Functional cookies:_ These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of website. These are non-essential to their use. Without these cookies, certain functionality may not be available to you (e.g. videos).

_Performance cookies:_ These cookies are used to collect information that is used to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective are marketing campaigns or to help us customize our website or services for you.

You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your preferences with some third-party cookies by clicking on the appropriate op-out links.

By default no cookie gets saved for more than 360 Days. All cookies generated by Webstack Builders expires automatically after 1 to 360 days depending upon the purpose of the cookie.

You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website through your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. If you would like to find out more information, please visit [adoutads.info](http://aboutads.info/choices) or [www.youronlinechoices.com](www.youronlinechoices.com) For further information on cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](www.allaboutcookies.org).
